Move managing packages to software development tools repo (#8)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-software-tools: managing-packages/packages-and-managing-packages.md

# Packages and Managing Packages

<iframe src="https://adaacademy.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Embed.aspx?pid=20425c72-d6f8-417b-969a-acd2000c74bd&autoplay=false&offerviewer=true&showtitle=true&showbrand=false&start=0&interactivity=all" height="405" width="720" style="border: 1px solid #464646;" allowfullscreen allow="autoplay"></iframe>

## Learning Goals

- Define package in Python

> - Explain that pip is a package installer for Python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Understand how to use pip to install Python packages
```

| Version | A state of software, with its code and dependencies at a specific time. Usually identified with numbers | -                                                                | "There weren't a lot of changes between this version and the last version," "Package A is going to stop supporting Package B older than version 2."                               |
| Release | A distribution of a new version of a package                                                            | -                                                                |

## Packages Are Software People Can Use

In Python, a package is a collection of Python code that are related to each other.

Often, packages are meant to define code that can be utilitized as tools. Packages are used to extend a developer's abilities-- we can find, install, and use packages to help our own project development go smoother.

Packages can:

- provide functionality
- provide design patterns

> Popular Python packages include:
> 
> 1. NumPy, a package that gives functionality for complex math, including algebraic formulas
> 1. Requests, a package that makes creating HTTP Requests more readable
> 1. Pandas, a package designed for working with large and complex data sets and analyzing them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Python packages include:

1. Wonderwords, the package we used to generate random words for the Snowman project.
1. NumPy, a package that gives functionality for complex math, including algebraic formulas
1. Requests, a package that makes creating HTTP Requests more readable
1. Pandas, a package designed for working with large and complex data sets and analyzing them
```
